I started my career in the software industry almost 13 years ago so I had the chance to work on lot of different projects. 
Honestly i feel proud of every project and every team which I've been working with so far, and I could mention a great achievement on every one of them even on the most unsuccessful project or
the most disorganized team.

But I have to choose one so I'll go with something I've been working on over the last year at Lionhead Studios before coming back to Microsoft Dublin.
I joined Lionhead Studios in May 2015 as part of an internal transfer at Microsoft. Lionhead was (it's now closed) a videogame studio and the project I worked on 
was the new unreleased chapter of the Fable franchise called Fable Legend. I joined the online services team as a senior software engineer: the game was meant to be an online free to play  and 
my team was responsible for the online services. Our main task was to build the Services API consumed by the game client to allow players to buy items on game: new weapons, new 
equipment for their heroes and so on.

My biggest achievement is that when I joined the team I proposed to write and I lead the development of an internal web app (named with a lot of creativity "admin portal"....) that would have allowed other developers to change
every setting for a player and for the game configuration. Before that everything was done manually or using shell scripts (everyone had it's own version of a specific script leading to a mess you can only immagine).
The team was made by me and 2 interns and the app became internally a major success: we had 100 developers daily asking for new features and bug fixes.

The app was really complicated but we wrote it in a way that was easy and simple to maintain and fix. Our back end was asp.net webAPI (mainly a proxy to the game services API) and the front-end was Reactjs + REDUX.
At the beginning I was planning to go for angular.js but, the two interns, convinced me to give reactjs and redux a go so, considering they where experienced on that (plus I have to say I fell in love with reactjs and the benefits of redux) 
I decided to accept their proposal.

Here's the reasons why I'm proud of that project:
first of all it had a positive impact in the daily life of our teammates, especially testers: prior to admin portal, it was a nightmare for them to setup a test case and it could have taken
up to 30 minutes. The portal allowed them to reduce this to a couple of minutes: I felt I was important to the team and I had a positive impact even if I wasn't working on the core part of the game or in a key cool feature.

second reason: the interns! At the end of their experience they told me they felt as if they were real full time employees and they had the chance to learn lot of things with my help.
Again, I felt I had a positive impact.

third reason: the interns! I had the chance to learn from them. They introduced me to react and redux so I would say they convinced me of the benefit of that tech stack compared to the one I was going to choose.
 